Add release notes for Scala CLI v1.6.0 (#3444)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/release_notes.md

# Release notes

## [v1.6.0](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/releases/tag/v1.6.0)

### Fixed commas being treated as `using` directive value separators & deprecated using them with whitespace
:::warning
These are breaking changes affecting using directives syntax.

> They're technically fixes + a deprecation, but it is not impossible for existing builds to break, if they were relying on the erroneous syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They're technically fixes + a deprecation, but in a very rare scenario existing builds could break, if they were relying on the erroneous syntax.
```

# Compiling project (Scala 3.6.3, JVM (23))
# [warn] ./Main.scala:2:7
# [warn] unused local definition
# [warn]   val unused = "unused"
# [warn]       ^^^^^^
# Compiled project (Scala 3.6.3, JVM (23))
# scalafix rules completed.
```

Former fix functionalities are now referred to in the code as the built-in rules.
Effectively, fix now runs 2 separate sets of rules (both enabled by default): built-in and scalafix.
They can be controlled via the `--enable-scalafix` and `--enable-built-in` command line options.

`scalafix` rules are ran according to the configuration in `<project-root>/.scalafix.conf`.

It is possible to run [external scalafix rules](https://scalacenter.github.io/scalafix/docs/rules/external-rules.html) with the (⚡️ experimental) `scalafix.dep` directive:
```scala compile power
//> using scalafix.dep com.github.xuwei-k::scalafix-rules:0.6.0
```

Added by [@Vigorge](https://github.com/Vigorge) and [@dos65](https://github.com/dos65) in [#2968](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/pull/2968)

### Support for running snapshot versions of the build server (Bloop)
It is now possible to pass a snapshot version to the `--bloop-version` command line option.

```bash

> scala-cli compile . --bloop-version 2.0.7-8-fe3f53d9-SNAPSHOT

Reviewer: We can also add `scala-cli bloop about` below
